- In `PartyGovernance._getProposalStatus`, the constant `VETO_VALUE` is not used (https://github.com/PartyDAO/party-contracts-c4/blob/3896577b8f0fa16cba129dc2867aba786b730c1b/contracts/party/PartyGovernance.sol#L1033), whereas it is used when performing the veto (https://github.com/PartyDAO/party-contracts-c4/blob/3896577b8f0fa16cba129dc2867aba786b730c1b/contracts/party/PartyGovernance.sol#L634). While this is not a problem currently (the values are identical), it can be dangerous when this value is updated at one point, because updating `_getProposalStatus` might get forgotten. Consider using the constant consistently.
- The link for FractionalizeProposal (https://github.com/PartyDAO/party-contracts-c4/blob/3896577b8f0fa16cba129dc2867aba786b730c1b/contracts/proposals/FractionalizeProposal.sol#L30) is wrong. It links to the source code of the vault, but the variable points to the factory. The correct link is https://github.com/fractional-company/contracts/blob/master/src/ERC721VaultFactory.sol
- After a `FractionalizeProposal` was executed succesfully and the tokens were distributed, it will not be possible to get the NFT back by calling `redeem` in practice. This function requires that the sender (the party in this case) owns all tokens, which would require that all users transfer them back again. However, transferring them to the party would be very risky when you do not if all other participants also do that (as the tokens are lost when one user does not transfer them) and some users may have sold them. This behavior may be desired (although it is a bit against the general philosophy were the tokens are protected IMO), but it should be documented that this is a destructive action.
- For Nouns, it is only possible to deploy the auction when the desired ID is for sale. However, it might be desired to create an auction in advance (e.g., for token ID 7 when the current ID is 5), such that there is more time to collect funds. For a system like Nouns this would work nicely, because it is (roughly) known in advance when an auction for a token will start.
- `CrowdfundNFT`, the implementation of a soulbound NFT, is a bit too simplistic in my opinion. One problem with soulbound NFTs is wallet recovery. In such situations, you want to be able to transfer the NFT to another wallet (but of course, this should not be possible without prior checks, otherwise they would not be soulbound). There are different standards like [EIP 4671](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4671) that address soulbound NFTs (and the mentioned problems), consider implementing one of them.
- `FoundationMarketWrapper.auctionIdMatchesToken` returns `true` for auctionId 0 and `isFinalized` also returns `true`. Because of that, it is possible to create an auction with ID 0 where no one can bid because it is immediately finalized.
- `ZoraMarketWrapper.auctionIDMatchesToken` returns `true` for auctionId 0 and `nftContract = address(0)`, and `isFinalized` als returns `true`. Because of that, it is possible to create an auction with ID 0 and `address(0)` where no one can bid because it is immediately finalized.
- `BuyCrowdfund` cannot retrieve ETH, but certain contracts that are called by it (e.g., NFT marketplaces) might return additional ETH when too much is paid. In such scenarios, the whole transaction would fail.